SEED Group is in business to operate consulting, travel and tour, and economic growth championing products and services useful to society from these resources; and to distribute and market those products and to provide dependable related services to the consuming public at reasonable prices. To earn our customers’ loyalty, we listen to them, anticipate their needs, and act to create value in their eyes. Our aim is to be the world’s first choice for business and economic development solutions while maximizing shareholder value. Our long term purpose is to be a frontier consulting, investment and holding firm in Africa by year 2030 beyond our plan period.

In offering consulting and development projects also, SEED Group explores, executes, and delivers all consulting works with due attention to meeting the requirements and expectations of all of our customers.
In achieving this purpose, SEED Group will:
1.  continue to execute modern, safety-based operation by embedding these operational concepts (such as safety first and no tolerance for quality) throughout our company;
2.  prioritize its resources and efforts to allow for a broader impact with the resources we already have;
3.  work to serve our customers and stakeholders and be accountable to them;
4. meet the greater need for effective and efficient operations, further applying the concept of safety first prioritization through using a project lifecycle approach;
5. develop the organizational capabilities (primarily agility and adaptability) required to facilitate this operating environment;
6. benefit from increasing the digital services we provide to internal and external stakeholders;
7. facilitate accountability within industry, and with the broader public;
8.  work to better understand the largest components of unlicensed underground economy activity as we continue our efforts to reduce it;
9. Inform on  the use of laws and regulation to ensure a fair and sustainable market; and 
10. be fiscally responsible and always operate with the best interests our customers in mind.
2.3. our Vision  
    • To promote inclusive,  rapid and green economic growth
    • To promote all round development of individuals, businesses and organizations abilities and personalities, and empower the potential. 
    • To provide effortless and distinctive quality service and commit to improve continually.
    • To maintain the high standard of professionalism, performance and quality to establish exemplary excellence in industry, and work together with prospective investors and overseas manufacturers, suppliers, service providers and associate organizations.
is recognized and appreciated as...
    • an exciting and challenging leader of economic growth champion and  business 
    • a strategic resource for local business, government and non-profits
    • an attractive work place and fruitfulness
Vision Statement

The suggestion of a vision as provided by the planning committee is offered for discussion with a view to  its ratification or modification.  The suggested vision statement is as follows: 

The vision of the SEED Group is to become the most effective leader of consulting and holding industries Africa, afield in the global solutions. 

 It is observed that the vision statement is a preview or snapshot of a state in the future. It is 
therefore not as sharply focused as the mission statement. 

2.4. Our mission 
Mission Statement 

The SEED Group in its present state is the foremost consultancy, investment and holding companies in the private sector.  In its Mission Statement, it is committed:  
 
SEED Group’s mission is to be the frontier consulting and development firm in Africa at delivering innovative solutions to drive economic growth in markets we serve. We will lead our industries in the application of appropriate state-of-the-art technologies, continuous learning and improvement, emphasize training, embrace diversity and provide growth opportunities for our people and associates. We will deliver value to our shareholders, positive operating results and industry-leading earnings. We will operate at the highest levels of ethics and compliance with a focus on exemplary corporate governance. In doing so, we will meet customer expectations of highest quality products and services at affordable prices; best-in-class customer service and support; ensuring sustainability, accountability and environmental stewardship. 

     
The mission statement guides the work of the group to ensure its adherence to the organization’s aims and objectives.  As such, it is far more pointed and immediately linked with action.  
Mission deliverables 
Group’s mission will be fulfilled through the following mission critical aims or mission deliverables:
    •  To provide unparallel consulting and leadership excellence to customers. 
    •  To offer top notch guidance & support to organizations and individuals for achieving excellence in their respective domains and areas of interest. 
    • To strive for the organic growth of organizations through integrity, honesty & excellence. 
    • Work to serve our customers and stakeholders and be accountable to them;
    • Meet the greater need for effective and efficient operations through innovation, learning and continuous improvement;
    • Develop the organizational capabilities (primarily agility and adaptability) required to facilitate this operating environment;
    • Benefit from increasing the digital services we provide to internal and external stakeholders;


2.5. Strategic Objectives

The Strategic objectives of the SEED Group that will fulfill the Mission and achieve the Vision are: 

1. Develop organizational capacity to implement business programmes of the group
2. To carry out integrated consulting and investment holdings, trading activities and  growth champion business activities from onset effectively.
3. To set up  business policies, systems and structures with clear start up strategy and operational procedures and process in a way that ensures growth and high degree of consistency and efficiency
4. To acquire technical assistance and funds to facilitate the launching and maintenance of the start up of the Group while expanding its revenue base.  

SEED Group focus is a major departure from the traditional focus of businesses.  There has been 
much discussion concerning the relevance of some business series that persist perhaps way past 
their period of relevance.  The new approach of the SEED Group will be to listen to the demands of 
the client and satisfy those demands with the best quality solutions that can be assembled.  The 
recognition is that no one organization can provide all of the business solutions required. The team 
approach to satisfying the demand for consulting and development products and services is therefore the preferred one.  

The new organization should be a unit that is lean and mean and aggressive in the anticipation and satisfaction of  growth needs, while learning from its responses to challenges. It should be a learning organization that is constantly transforming itself, initially by a “big push” into lead firm status and thereafter by continuous change and processes based heavily on information technology.  Central to the work programme of the new organization should be recognition of the organization’s value chain and the design of information products and modalities of delivery unmatched either in the past or at present in any private growth champion establishment. 
